So now just to finish let's just update our two final important variables which are you know that all
accumulate in reward.
My dad Tompson something strategy which is our list of strategies selected by Tompson sampling.
So I'm just going to get that.
I'm going to copy this and I'm going to play that here.
And indeed what we're going to do with this variable Well we're going to append very simply the strategy
that was just elected because this is exactly the list of the strategies selected by Thompson sampling
over the rounds.
All right perfect.
And then the final thing we have to do is indeed to update this as well which is the accumulated reward
because indeed Indian will want to compute some absolute and relative returns to compare how better
Thompson sampling performed with respect to our benchmark which is a random strategy.
Then we'll do you'll see to invest a PDA to see exactly what we're going to compute you know in the
next Teutul.
So let's update this final variable.
That is that all accumulated reward and to update it.
Well we just have to incremented by of course we were we got by deploying the selected strategy at this
specific route and that is for the specific customer and and that's why I'm pasting that received we
were right here.
And perfect.
Now we're done with the whole for loop.
We're done with the Tompson sampling algorithm.
We're done with the Ranum strategy.
We're done with the whole for loop and therefore we're ready to compute the final results that is the
absolute and relative returns to see how Thompson simply beats the Ranum strategy and mostly to see
how many extra millions of revenues we made for this online retail business.
Let's check it out and its oil.
And until then enjoy A-I.